# Lever JavaScript Style Guide

## <a id=toc>Table of contents</a>

  1. [File structure](#file-)
  1. [Resources](#resources)
  1. [License](#license)

## <a id=types>Types</a>

  - **Primitives**: When you access a primitive type you work directly on its value

    + `string`
    + `number`
    + `boolean`
    + `null`
    + `undefined`

    ```javascript
    var foo = 1,
        bar = foo;

    bar = 9;

    console.log(foo, bar); // => 1, 9
    ```
  - **Complex**: When you access a complex type you work on a reference to its value

    + `object`
    + `array`
    + `function`

    ```javascript
    var foo = [1, 2],
        bar = foo;

    bar[0] = 9;

    console.log(foo[0], bar[0]); // => 9, 9
    ```

    **[[⬆]](#toc)**


## <a id=resources>Resources</a>

**Read This**

  - [Annotated ECMAScript 5.1](http://es5.github.com/)

**Other Styleguides**

  - [npm Coding Style](https://npmjs.org/doc/coding-style.html)
  - [Felix's Node.js Style Guide](http://nodeguide.com/style.html)
  - [Google JavaScript Style Guide](http://google-styleguide.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/javascriptguide.xml)
  - [jQuery JavaScript Style Guide](http://contribute.jquery.org/style-guide/js/)
  - [Airbnb JavaScript Style Guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript)
  - [Principles of Writing Consistent, Idiomatic JavaScript](https://github.com/rwldrn/idiomatic.js/)
  - [Crockford's Code Conventions for the JavaScript Programming Language](http://javascript.crockford.com/code.html)
  - [Dojo Style Guide](http://dojotoolkit.org/community/styleGuide)

**Performance**

  - [On Layout & Web Performance](http://kellegous.com/j/2013/01/26/layout-performance/)
  - [String vs Array Concat](http://jsperf.com/string-vs-array-concat/2)
  - [Try/Catch Cost In a Loop](http://jsperf.com/try-catch-in-loop-cost)
  - [Bang Function](http://jsperf.com/bang-function)
  - [jQuery Find vs Context, Selector](http://jsperf.com/jquery-find-vs-context-sel/13)
  - [innerHTML vs textContent for script text](http://jsperf.com/innerhtml-vs-textcontent-for-script-text)
  - [Long String Concatenation](http://jsperf.com/ya-string-concat)

**Books**

  - [JavaScript: The Good Parts](http://www.amazon.com/JavaScript-Good-Parts-Douglas-Crockford/dp/0596517742) - Douglas Crockford
  - [JavaScript Patterns](http://www.amazon.com/JavaScript-Patterns-Stoyan-Stefanov/dp/0596806752) - Stoyan Stefanov
  - [Pro JavaScript Design Patterns](http://www.amazon.com/JavaScript-Design-Patterns-Recipes-Problem-Solution/dp/159059908X)  - Ross Harmes and Dustin Diaz
  - [High Performance Web Sites: Essential Knowledge for Front-End Engineers](http://www.amazon.com/High-Performance-Web-Sites-Essential/dp/0596529309) - Steve Souders
  - [Maintainable JavaScript](http://www.amazon.com/Maintainable-JavaScript-Nicholas-C-Zakas/dp/1449327680) - Nicholas C. Zakas
  - [JavaScript Web Applications](http://www.amazon.com/JavaScript-Web-Applications-Alex-MacCaw/dp/144930351X) - Alex MacCaw
  - [Pro JavaScript Techniques](http://www.amazon.com/Pro-JavaScript-Techniques-John-Resig/dp/1590597273) - John Resig
  - [Smashing Node.js: JavaScript Everywhere](http://www.amazon.com/Smashing-Node-js-JavaScript-Everywhere-Magazine/dp/1119962595) - Guillermo Rauch

**Blogs**

  - [DailyJS](http://dailyjs.com/)
  - [JavaScript Weekly](http://javascriptweekly.com/)
  - [JavaScript, JavaScript...](http://javascriptweblog.wordpress.com/)
  - [Bocoup Weblog](http://weblog.bocoup.com/)
  - [Adequately Good](http://www.adequatelygood.com/)
  - [NCZOnline](http://www.nczonline.net/)
  - [Perfection Kills](http://perfectionkills.com/)
  - [Ben Alman](http://benalman.com/)
  - [Dmitry Baranovskiy](http://dmitry.baranovskiy.com/)
  - [Dustin Diaz](http://dustindiaz.com/)
  - [nettuts](http://net.tutsplus.com/?s=javascript)

**[[⬆]](#toc)**


## <a id=license>License</a>

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2013 Lever

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


This document forked from the [Airbnb JavaScript Style Guide](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript). [View Contributors](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript/graphs/contributors)

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2012 Airbnb

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

**[[⬆]](#toc)**
